Original File:             POC_2_roughwork.ipynb

Lacked: 1. Simplicity and organisation. It is cluttered. Literally a rough work with different codes and ideas spread everywhere.
        2. Survey content language barrier, i.e, for languages other than English, the classifier will have a hard time understanding it.
        3. Language might not be a problem for the Generated Pretrained Transformer, might be though.
        4. Primary problem: Correct Classification using combined numerical and textual features.
        5. Secondary problem: Sending the predictions/resultant output from the combined classifier to the GenAI model for detailed generated feedback.
        6. Langdetect Googletrans was added but had to be removed due to "httpx version mismatch" error when openai is pip installed and imported.
        7. 


Modified File (1):         POC_2_Survey_Feedback_Analysis_workingnote.ipynb

Added:  1. Pipelines to tackle the primary problem.
        2. Calculation of probabilities and sending them to GenAI model to tackle the secondary problem.
        3. OpenAI caused problems while importing, so changed it ot GroqCloud API which is based on "llama3-8b-8192" rather than "gpt-3.5 Turbo" or "gpt-4o".
        4.Langdetect Googletrans Translator to override survey content language barrier, i.e, for languages other than English [implemented but not tested, i.e. commented out].
        5. De-cluttered notebook with appropriate data pre-processing and only the necessary portions.

Lacked: 1. Simplicity due to being a Notebook file.
        2. User input interface.

Modified File (2):         POC_2_main( ).ipynb // poc_2_main(_).py

Added:  1. Self-created functions, which allowed me to break down my code into smaller, manageable pieces, promoting code organization, reusability, and modularity.
        2. Both the Notebook(.ipynb) and the Python(.py) files are in main( ) function format.
        3. Slight changes in predict_feedback_proba( ) where the sample is in series, so we had to convert it into dataframe.

TO USE MY CODE, YOU CAN JUST CHANGE THE DATA PREPROCESSING prepare_data( ) & COLUMN NAMES TO SUIT YOUR OWN SURVEY FILE, OTHERWISE EVERYTHING WILL REMAIN SAME.  
